hi guys joe de pet here with episode 12
of order and chaos online all right guys
right here in the rift right now and see
where i'm at right here by far strider
posts if you go here or also down here
around this other little ghost town
around 53 255 are the mob levels if you
have a lot of bag storage space like i
have right here you can get a probably
in between 25 and 30 in one run so we're
just going to go in here and i got be
nates with me and he's actually on skype
of me but he's shy said he may not be
talking so we're just gonna go in here
and say i guess and i'm going to show
you also location of a chest that leaves
a blue speed boost you he's all like wow
we're going really fast dude and
apparently there's a hunt to find me
right now so they can be on the youtube
i'm not even kidding around and the
local chat and there's this guy stalking
me and I'm gonna say his name are you
getting any of this loot no no okay good
it's all mine and there's a cheshire
chest and I just looted it earlier maybe
in like five minutes ago right here bull
ring to the century said that that came
out of the chest that I'm telling you
where a location is right now okay and
it's been about 15 or 20 minutes of
farming and besides this blue I'm just
going to sell everything back to the
vendor and right now I have 13 gold in
36 silver okay and now I have 27 gold so
i just made a lot real fast so that's a
good way to make money real fast if
you're like level 53 and up okay guys
and be nates also showed me another
glitch where you run and you jump and
then who is this person okay so you run
any jump and then after you jump you
click on the autorun button so just like
this you ready Nate
you kind of do a double jump or float
see me double jump right there landed up
in the middle of the I know man I'm in
the middle of Lake if you do right you
don't lose any damage or very little if
you do also guys Vita spring breeze is
dudes camping we're at another chest
comes and I've gotten blues out of it
too also for the blacksmith profession
guys I wanted to show you all a good
place to get marcasite and also bronze
material in the same place you just go
to tier coast you see right outside of
Bel sold right here I just went off the
cliff up there and that's Bell soul and
come down here and immediately there's
all these wolves and there's some
marcasite right here but there's a
little loop you do and you'll have
plenty in no time you just the left side
there's this bronze material and
sometimes it shows up as marcasite so
always mine it because it totally
randomizes how it spawns so then you
come over here and there's another node
over here and I just ignore those people
because I don't need to worry about them
oh wait but if you need a high quality
armor scrap so if you'd been profession
go ahead and kill these guys too if it's
easy for you or you know if you need
this stuff just sometimes they'll drop a
high-quality armor scraps let's go up
here
see you guys left right left yeah
there's another one right there come on
go away yeah okay so in turn around the
right here and just follow this cliff on
the edge the reason you follow this is
because over here on the other side of
this bear there's a treasure chest as
pawns right where I'm standing so it
spawns every 10 minutes just like all
the other ones and other side of this
there is another node and then another
node down here if you drop off to the
right you just keep on going so
basically you just hug this big hill or
mountain or whatever it is the whole
time and just make a big circle and
you'll have tons of material hey guys
also on my alt I've been leveling up by
profession it's hard to get the high
quality armor scraps become the swamp of
worms right here to sip axe and just
basically form these guys these little
snake men then they drop it pretty
frequently so there's a good place to
get it from just get a bunch up on one
time and take him down what you still
alive you die in my experience this is
the best place to get cotton and also
for high quality armor scraps if you're
in the second level of your profession
you come here to the swamp of sorrows
there is little branch leads up over
here is a big blue smilodon and he drops
a master sergeant symbol if you liked
this video make sure and give it a
thumbs up also if you haven't subscribed
to me go ahead and do so because it did
a lot of app reviews on new and hot apps
and every Tuesday Thursday and Saturday
I do the best free games of the day and
every Wednesday do a new episode of
order and chaos online thanks for
watching you guys y'all have a good
and I'll talk to you later I'm gonna
jump off of this cliff and still pretty
far down okay here we go we do it that
far like right here I thought